CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end

First off, thank you for considering contributing to FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end. It's people like you that make FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end such a great tool.

Following these guidelines helps to communicate that you respect the time of the developers managing and developing this open source project. In return, they should reciprocate that respect in addressing your issue, assessing changes, and helping you finalize your pull requests.

FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end is an open source project and we love to receive contributions from our community — you! There are many ways to contribute, from writing tutorials or blog posts, improving the documentation, submitting bug reports and feature requests or writing code which can be incorporated into FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end itself.

## Responsibilities

- We pledge to make participation in our projects and community a harrasment-free experience for everyone. Please read and adhere to [Ragtag's Code of Conduct](https://ragtag.org/coc) when interacting with others on this project. Please report unacceptable behavior to coc@ragtag.org.
- We follow [Google's Style Guides](https://google.github.io/styleguide/) for writing software. Please read and follow the appropriate language guides for your contributions.
- We require that all code be formatted by [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) where applicable. We use the default settings for each language.
- Create issues for any major changes and enhancements that you wish to make. Discuss things transparently and get community feedback.
- All changes should be made through by [pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/). Pull requests will be reviewed by one or more of FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end's maintainers. Once approved, it is the responsibility of the owner of the pull request to merge the changes to the master/main branch.

## Ways to Get Involved

### Report Bugs

This section guides you through submitting a bug report for FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand your report, reproduce the behavior, and find related reports.

**If you find a security vulnerability, do NOT open an issue. Email security@ragtag.org instead.**

#### Before Submitting a Bug Report

- Perform a [cursory search](https://github.com/ragtagopen/project-slug/issues) to see if the problem has already been reported. If it has **and the issue is still open**, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.
  _If you find a **Closed** issue that seems like it is the same thing that you're experiencing, open a new issue and include a link to the original issue in the body of your new one._

#### How Do I Submit a Good Bug Report?

Bugs are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/).

Explain the problem and include additional details to help maintainers reproduce the problem:

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the problem.
- **Describe the exact steps which reproduce the problem** in as many details as possible. When listing steps, don't just say what you did, but explain how you did it. For example, if you moved submitted a form, explain if you clicked the form's submit button or pressed enter inside one of the inputs?
- **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps.** Include links to files or GitHub projects, or copy/pasteable snippets, which you use in those examples. If you're providing snippets in the issue, use [Markdown code blocks](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/#multiple-lines).
- **Describe the behavior you observed after following the steps** and point out what exactly is the problem with that behavior.
- **Explain which behavior you expected to see instead and why.**
- **Include screenshots and animated GIFs** which show you following the described steps and clearly demonstrate the problem. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on macOS and Windows, and [this tool](https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast) or [this tool](https://github.com/GNOME/byzanz) on Linux.
- **If the problem is related to performance or memory**, include a CPU profile capture with your report.
- **If the problem wasn't triggered by a specific action**, describe what you were doing before the problem happened and share more information using the guidelines below.

Provide more context by answering these questions:

- **Did the problem start happening recently** (e.g. after updating to a new version of FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end) or was this always a problem?
- If the problem started happening recently, **can you reproduce the problem in an older version of FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end?** What's the most recent version in which the problem doesn't happen?
- **Can you reliably reproduce the issue?** If not, provide details about how often the problem happens and under which conditions it normally happens.

Include details about your configuration and environment:

- **Which version of FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end are you using?** If you're using FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end on the web, let us know what dates you experienced the issue on.
- **What's the name and version of the operating system you're using?**
- **What's the name and version of the browser you're using?**

### Suggesting Enhancements

This section guides you through submitting an enhancement suggestion for FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end, including completely new features and minor improvements to existing functionality. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand your suggestion and find related suggestions.

Before creating enhancement suggestions, please check [this list](#before-submitting-an-enhancement-suggestion) as you might find out that you don't need to create one. When you are creating an enhancement suggestion, please [include as many details as possible](#how-do-i-submit-a-good-enhancement-suggestion).

#### Before Submitting An Enhancement Suggestion

- Perform a [cursory search](https://github.com/ragtagopen/project-slug/issues) to see if the enhancement has already been suggested. If it has, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.

#### How Do I Submit A (Good) Enhancement Suggestion?

Enhancement suggestions are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/) and should provide the following information:

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.
- **Provide a step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as many details as possible.
- **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps.** Include copy/pasteable snippets which you use in those examples, using [Markdown code blocks](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/#multiple-lines).
- **Describe the current behavior and explain which behavior you expected to see instead and why.**
- **Include screenshots and animated GIFs** which show you following the described steps and clearly demonstrate where the suggestion is expected to go. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on macOS and Windows, and [this tool](https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast) or [this tool](https://github.com/GNOME/byzanz) on Linux.
- **Which version of FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end are you using?** If you're using FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end on the web, let us know what dates you experienced the issue on.
- **What's the name and version of the operating system you're using?**
- **What's the name and version of the browser you're using?**

### Your First Code Contribution

Unsure where to begin contributing to FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end? You can start by looking through these `good first issue` and `help wanted` issues:

- [Good first issues](https://github.com/ragtagopen/project-slug/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A"good+first+issue"+sort%3Acomments-desc) - issues which should only require a few lines of code, and a test or two.
- [Help wanted issues](https://github.com/ragtagopen/project-slug/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A"help wanted"+sort%3Acomments-desc) - issues which should be a bit more involved than beginner issues.

_Both issue lists are sorted by total number of comments. While not perfect, number of comments is a reasonable proxy for impact a given change will have._

Working on your first Pull Request? You can learn how from this _free_ series, [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github).

At this point, you're ready to make your changes! Feel free to ask for help; everyone is a beginner at first.

#### How to Submit Your Contribution

1.  Apply to be a Ragtag volunteer at https://ragtag.org/join.
1.  Get added as a contributor to the project by asking in the Slack room for FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end.
1.  Create a new branch in your local copy of the project
1.  If this is your first time contributing to FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end, add your name to the CONTRIBUTORS file and include that change in your pull request.
1.  If you like the change and think the project could use it:
    - Be sure you have followed the [code style](#responsibilities)
    - Make sure your work passes all existing tests
    - Open a pull request with your changes
    - FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end's maintainers may have questions or suggestions for your work, please respond as soon as you can
1.  If you want feedback while you're working on your changes, you can open your pull request early in the process and start the title with `[WIP]` for Work in Progress. Then ask other contributors to review your work and ask any questions you have about what you're working on.

## How We Categorize Issues and Pull Requests

We follow the [Standard Issue Labels](https://github.com/wagenet/StandardIssueLabels#standardissuelabels) for our projects. Additionally, all pull requests that add new features should have their titles start with `FEATURE`. Finally, if your pull request fixes one or more issues, please note that in your pull request body or the body of your commit messages using [one of the supported keywords](https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords/).

---

Portions of this document come from https://github.com/nayafia/contributing-template/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING-template.md and https://github.com/atom/atom/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md.

Commit message:

Added some guidance to creating tests in CONTRIBUTING.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end

First off, thank you for considering contributing to FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end. It's people like you that make FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end such a great tool.

Following these guidelines helps to communicate that you respect the time of the developers managing and developing this open source project. In return, they should reciprocate that respect in addressing your issue, assessing changes, and helping you finalize your pull requests.

FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end is an open source project and we love to receive contributions from our community — you! There are many ways to contribute, from writing tutorials or blog posts, improving the documentation, submitting bug reports and feature requests or writing code which can be incorporated into FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end itself.

## Responsibilities

- We pledge to make participation in our projects and community a harrasment-free experience for everyone. Please read and adhere to [Ragtag's Code of Conduct](https://ragtag.org/coc) when interacting with others on this project. Please report unacceptable behavior to coc@ragtag.org.
- We follow [Google's Style Guides](https://google.github.io/styleguide/) for writing software. Please read and follow the appropriate language guides for your contributions.
- We require that all code be formatted by [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) where applicable. We use the default settings for each language.
- Create issues for any major changes and enhancements that you wish to make. Discuss things transparently and get community feedback.
- All changes should be made through by [pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/). Pull requests will be reviewed by one or more of FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end's maintainers. Once approved, it is the responsibility of the owner of the pull request to merge the changes to the master/main branch.

## Ways to Get Involved

### Report Bugs

This section guides you through submitting a bug report for FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand your report, reproduce the behavior, and find related reports.

**If you find a security vulnerability, do NOT open an issue. Email security@ragtag.org instead.**

#### Before Submitting a Bug Report

- Perform a [cursory search](https://github.com/ragtagopen/project-slug/issues) to see if the problem has already been reported. If it has **and the issue is still open**, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.
  _If you find a **Closed** issue that seems like it is the same thing that you're experiencing, open a new issue and include a link to the original issue in the body of your new one._

#### How Do I Submit a Good Bug Report?

Bugs are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/).

Explain the problem and include additional details to help maintainers reproduce the problem:

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the problem.
- **Describe the exact steps which reproduce the problem** in as many details as possible. When listing steps, don't just say what you did, but explain how you did it. For example, if you moved submitted a form, explain if you clicked the form's submit button or pressed enter inside one of the inputs?
- **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps.** Include links to files or GitHub projects, or copy/pasteable snippets, which you use in those examples. If you're providing snippets in the issue, use [Markdown code blocks](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/#multiple-lines).
- **Describe the behavior you observed after following the steps** and point out what exactly is the problem with that behavior.
- **Explain which behavior you expected to see instead and why.**
- **Include screenshots and animated GIFs** which show you following the described steps and clearly demonstrate the problem. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on macOS and Windows, and [this tool](https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast) or [this tool](https://github.com/GNOME/byzanz) on Linux.
- **If the problem is related to performance or memory**, include a CPU profile capture with your report.
- **If the problem wasn't triggered by a specific action**, describe what you were doing before the problem happened and share more information using the guidelines below.

Provide more context by answering these questions:

- **Did the problem start happening recently** (e.g. after updating to a new version of FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end) or was this always a problem?
- If the problem started happening recently, **can you reproduce the problem in an older version of FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end?** What's the most recent version in which the problem doesn't happen?
- **Can you reliably reproduce the issue?** If not, provide details about how often the problem happens and under which conditions it normally happens.

Include details about your configuration and environment:

- **Which version of FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end are you using?** If you're using FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end on the web, let us know what dates you experienced the issue on.
- **What's the name and version of the operating system you're using?**
- **What's the name and version of the browser you're using?**

### Suggesting Enhancements

This section guides you through submitting an enhancement suggestion for FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end, including completely new features and minor improvements to existing functionality. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand your suggestion and find related suggestions.

Before creating enhancement suggestions, please check [this list](#before-submitting-an-enhancement-suggestion) as you might find out that you don't need to create one. When you are creating an enhancement suggestion, please [include as many details as possible](#how-do-i-submit-a-good-enhancement-suggestion).

#### Before Submitting An Enhancement Suggestion

- Perform a [cursory search](https://github.com/ragtagopen/project-slug/issues) to see if the enhancement has already been suggested. If it has, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.

#### How Do I Submit A (Good) Enhancement Suggestion?

Enhancement suggestions are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/) and should provide the following information:

- **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.
- **Provide a step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as many details as possible.
- **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps.** Include copy/pasteable snippets which you use in those examples, using [Markdown code blocks](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/#multiple-lines).
- **Describe the current behavior and explain which behavior you expected to see instead and why.**
- **Include screenshots and animated GIFs** which show you following the described steps and clearly demonstrate where the suggestion is expected to go. You can use [this tool](https://www.cockos.com/licecap/) to record GIFs on macOS and Windows, and [this tool](https://github.com/colinkeenan/silentcast) or [this tool](https://github.com/GNOME/byzanz) on Linux.
- **Which version of FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end are you using?** If you're using FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end on the web, let us know what dates you experienced the issue on.
- **What's the name and version of the operating system you're using?**
- **What's the name and version of the browser you're using?**

### Your First Code Contribution

Unsure where to begin contributing to FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end? You can start by looking through these `good first issue` and `help wanted` issues:

- [Good first issues](https://github.com/ragtagopen/project-slug/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A"good+first+issue"+sort%3Acomments-desc) - issues which should only require a few lines of code, and a test or two.
- [Help wanted issues](https://github.com/ragtagopen/project-slug/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A"help wanted"+sort%3Acomments-desc) - issues which should be a bit more involved than beginner issues.

_Both issue lists are sorted by total number of comments. While not perfect, number of comments is a reasonable proxy for impact a given change will have._

Working on your first Pull Request? You can learn how from this _free_ series, [How to Contribute to an Open Source Project on GitHub](https://egghead.io/series/how-to-contribute-to-an-open-source-project-on-github).

At this point, you're ready to make your changes! Feel free to ask for help; everyone is a beginner at first.

#### How to Submit Your Contribution

1.  Apply to be a Ragtag volunteer at https://ragtag.org/join.
1.  Get added as a contributor to the project by asking in the Slack room for FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end.
1.  Create a new branch in your local copy of the project
1.  If this is your first time contributing to FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end, add your name to the CONTRIBUTORS file and include that change in your pull request.
1.  If you like the change and think the project could use it:
    - Be sure you have followed the [code style](#responsibilities)
    - Make sure your work passes all existing tests
    - Open a pull request with your changes
    - FreeFrom Compensation Web Front-end's maintainers may have questions or suggestions for your work, please respond as soon as you can
1.  If you want feedback while you're working on your changes, you can open your pull request early in the process and start the title with `[WIP]` for Work in Progress. Then ask other contributors to review your work and ask any questions you have about what you're working on.

## How We Categorize Issues and Pull Requests

We follow the [Standard Issue Labels](https://github.com/wagenet/StandardIssueLabels#standardissuelabels) for our projects. Additionally, all pull requests that add new features should have their titles start with `FEATURE`. Finally, if your pull request fixes one or more issues, please note that in your pull request body or the body of your commit messages using [one of the supported keywords](https://help.github.com/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords/).

## How to Create Unit Tests

We use Jest for our unit testing, documentation on jest can be found [here](https://jestjs.io/docs/en/getting-started). We write tests for all React components that do not rely on the `useStaticQuery` query which expects a response for the component itself, and throws an error in jest.

- For redux connected components, we do not include the store in the test but instead export the base component. You can see an example of this under the Welcome.js component.
- For non-redux connected components, you can view Header.js component as an example.

---

Portions of this document come from https://github.com/nayafia/contributing-template/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING-template.md and https://github.com/atom/atom/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md.
